// While flying from SEA to LAN on 6/4/18, this notepad is for folding into the existing narrative already published on GitHub. This may take place as a merge, or as a supplementary document. I'm not sure yet. We'll see!

// I just finished watching Nostalgia, which was an heart-wrenching meander through what it means to feel attached to objects, spaces, and times. There was a word described toward the end of the film that reminded me of sonder, but different. Sodade? Solidade? I can't remember the exact word right now, but it had to do with a feeling of nostalgia for something which had not yet occurred. A desire for something other than the present moment. It had much to do with dissatisfaction, and could perhaps be described as "renunciation mind" in the context of Buddhism. A yearning for relief from the suffering of unmet expectation, maybe. A desire to make a future to be lived within that better suits the self. Or, perhaps, a root awareness that the present moment is an illusion to be escaped. Something calls us to a deeper understanding of reality such that we find a secret or two to liberate our fellows. A secret or two to pass on to the next warriors of the mind so that they might find their own to pass further. 

// Meanwhile, I listen to Endless. Tale of Us. I started on "Definizione dell'imposs.." when I started writing above, and have progressed to "Ricordi." It captures a feeling of quiet rapture quite well. It's almost as if the feeling of God's presence lingers just beneath the skin of the sound.

// Yesterday was magical. The fact that recreational cannabis can be consumed legally in Washington state is a wonderful thing. Hanna and I made a trip to MoPOP, the Museum of Pop Culture in downtown Seattle, next to the Space Needle. The space needle was undergoing a "Space Lift," which Hanna thought was a cute pun. There were a great number of extraordinary exhibits that we got to see. We made our way to all of them exception of the horror exhibit. I'm glad we didn't check it out in some ways, but a little bummed that I missed it in some other ways. Multiple times, I was moved to tears. Within the first 30 minutes of walking in the door, we went through the Science Fiction hall. There were artifacts from movie sets, books, and creative endeavors of all sorts Sci-Fi. I was gripped-- strongly-- by Isaac Asimov's type writer. The sheer magnitude of his influence is difficult to grasp, and seeing a tool that served in magnifying that influence held me in a state of rapture for a short time. The sudden realization that Asimov was just a man with tools of his time made the notion of becoming a writer so much more possible in my mind. Here I am, using GitHub to draft work of my own. It's an entirely different tool and medium, but information flows all the better. If I consider the possibility that this might one day be a record of my first steps as a creative force in my own time, it gives me strength and hope abound. I do consider that notion, and it I hope that these words find the heart of another writer in blossom that is still restrained in kind. Fear of failure, inadequacy, or unproductiveness seems to be the chief stockade against creation, and I seek to eradicate the obstacles therein from within us both. Here, I type on my work computer with the hopes of uploading the document for permanent curation. I greet the archaeologist of the future that reads this now with open arms and love in my heart, as I hope the future that we have crafted for you is better suited to your needs and dreams than one having coursed along in my absence. Thank you for your interest, and thank you more for what influence you may yet have on the world ahead. 

// My plane has begun its descent. I'll have to stow my laptop for the time being, but I look forward to the opportunity to curate this moment for my own personal recollection and for collection by others. Aloha <3!~ (Listen to Nahko & Medicine for the People if you get the chance. They have such fantastic intention.)
